despite her tough start she's responding
well to Sue's care and developing quite
a strong personality someone that's not
so sweet but she certainly is and I love
the way that she's she's just fall off
running around and everything you know
bashing staff and bulldozing through
things is all typical wombat behavior
which is great because that's what we
want to say in the wild Stacey would be
living in a burrow with her mother her
long shovel like claws are perfect for
digging and her strong teeth the
designed for chewing roots bark and
vegetation well adapted for a life in
the bush although perhaps not best
suited to see you sleeping room she's
certainly not as easy to look after noon
in the house if you don't watch her she
can start showing other woodwork boys
can be very careful to keep an eye on
her when she's there she tends to chew
the curtains as well wombats are
notoriously stubborn creatures and
become quite territorial when they
mature
but for Stacey that's still a long way
off
it'll be over a year before she can be
released so in the meantime sue must do
everything she can to prepare her for
her return to the wild today I'm joining
them for Stacey's first trip outside in
Sue's Gardens last bit of this fence up
Stacey doesn't do a runner
Stacey's been living inside up until now
about this age then what starts to
emerge in the pouch it's important that
she gets used to the outside world and
to the ground
yes yeah are you going all set up she's
ready
tell pastor I'm sure thanks so this is
gonna be great
bit of a bit of exploring on the grass
so just go down check it out Stacey
it's not quite used to grass yet
in the wild Stacy would be leaving the
borough for short
exploratory trips
but always staying close to her mother
so this is actually to Google behavior
she sees me as mom so why do they need
to come outside when they're so young
learning sight smells sounds very
important you know from a young age if
we kept her inside right through so she
was almost ready to go outside it's like
12 14 months old it would be such a shot
and said about these excursions will
help build Stacy's confidence come I
dunno and already she's overcome her
initial nerves
she's pretty fast isn't she she is they
can do up to 40 kilometres an hour when
they're adults so I'm quite fast they
don't particularly look like they're
going she thinks that's her pouch I'm
sorry it's a trick you're out you do not
love one of these
you